---
Class: Journal
Created: 2023-09-22
Modified: 2023-10-06
---

# Thursday, September 1st, 2022

> [[2022-08-31]] | [[2022-09-02]]

12:14 pm - I hate everything, can't stop thinking about ways to un-alive myself. I can't get anything right, and the moment I start to feel like I'm making progress in one area of life, it become obvious how fucked up a more serious area became.

1:44 pm - Ever feel like I'm wasting time. The urge to retreat from all areas of my life grows with every passing day. The podcast seems doomed. I can barely fight off the intense impostor syndrome in every waking moment. Being around my friends only makes me more anxious. Dealing with their mental and emotional baggage on top of mine is way too much to handle on most days.

1:49 pm - Just realized I haven't even fucking eaten yet today. This is the kind of shit I'm talking about. I can barely be trusted to keep myself alive, let alone do much of anything else.

2:20 pm - I need anger management. The desire to break things is getting worse. I've almost broken my phone several times this month. How the fuck did I end up this way?

2:38 pm - I never understood self-harm until recently. That shit feels great when your brain is literally fucking your entire existence into oblivion. Almost feels like stepping out into the sun, or a warm hug. Except I'm rarely experiencing either of those anyway, so fuck me, right? Either way, the relief is VERY tangible.

6:00 pm - My friends are now ignoring me after being mildly neurotic.

7:23 pm - I switched my phone service to Mint, hopefully this pays off and the service isn't shit. It's at least the cheapest option. If this gets me onto Upwork and makes me some money this month, then there's no looking back. Hopefully as aspects slip and get re-aligned, these periods of absolute self-hate and feelings of incompetence will also start to slip out of my day-to-day life.

8:24 pm - Life is absurdly unfair. Why is it that so many of the people I care about just die young for no good reason, and I'm supposed to just cope? Sometimes it feels like the weight of all this is pushing me into being next.

8:48 pm - Side Note: Anyone who says they've broken the matrix is indeed stuck so far up its asshole that they may never see light of day again.

9:16 pm - Why is there such shame involved with coming clean about being suicidal? Why is there the perception that there will be a knee-jerk reaction by those you tell to remove you from your entire life and try to fix you, or treat you, as if that will somehow amount to more than my entire lifespan of trying to figure it out and just *be normal?* Isn't my own initiative to fix things "good enough?" Why is it that no matter how much anguish comes with being mentally ill, that I can't seem to get enough of a higher-level perspective to actually make any kind of difference?

10:50 pm - I don't blame my friends for not wanting to hang out with me when I'm like this. I'm not a fan of me when I'm like this

11:02 pm - I've realized that this whole time I should have considered myself separate from the [[Zudecast]] entirely. I can't keep trying to bring these guys with me, it's not a good look, or a good way to live my life.

1:04 - this is my last note for the night. drank a whole six pack. goodnight.
